c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Hotel\Hotel\bin\Debug\Hotel.exe.config
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Hotel\Hotel\bin\Debug\Hotel.exe
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Hotel\Hotel\bin\Debug\Hotel.pdb
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Hotel\Hotel\bin\Debug\Hotel.xml
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Hotel\Hotel\obj\Debug\Hotel.Form1.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Hotel\Hotel\obj\Debug\Hotel.Resources.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Hotel\Hotel\obj\Debug\Hotel.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Hotel\Hotel\obj\Debug\Hotel.exe
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Hotel\Hotel\obj\Debug\Hotel.xml
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Hotel\Hotel\obj\Debug\Hotel.pdb
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Hotel\Hotel\obj\Debug\Hotel.Form2.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Hotel\Hotel\obj\Debug\Hotel.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Hotel\Hotel\obj\Debug\Hotel.Form3.resources
C:\Users\Alejandro\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Hotel\Hotel\obj\Debug\Hotel.Form4.resources
C:\Users\Alejandro\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Hotel\Hotel\obj\Debug\Hotel.Form5.resources
C:\Users\Alejandro\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Hotel\Hotel\bin\Debug\Hotel.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Alejandro\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Hotel\Hotel\bin\Debug\Hotel.application
C:\Users\Alejandro\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Hotel\Hotel\obj\Debug\Hotel.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Alejandro\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Hotel\Hotel\obj\Debug\Hotel.application
C:\Users\Alejandro\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Hotel\Hotel\obj\Debug\Hotel.Form6.resources
C:\Users\Alejandro\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Hotel\Hotel\obj\Debug\Hotel.Form7.resources
